Doc: Updating README.md (#91)
vtex-apps/store-image: docs/README.md

| --------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `images`  | `array`  | Array of objects declaring all the images to be rendered.             | `undefined`   |
| `height`  | `number` | Image height for all images declared in the `image` object (in `px`). | `undefined`   |

> | `experimentalPreventLayoutShift` | `boolean` | Wraps the image in a `<span>` with a pre-set `width` and/or `height` to minimize layout shift while loading. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `experimentalPreventLayoutShift` | `boolean` | Wraps the image in a `<span>` tag with a pre-set `width` and/or `height` to minimize layout shift during page loading. |
```
